Clarify Windows license information (#9296)
dotnet/core: license-information-windows.md

The following binaries are licensed with the
[Windows SDK License](https://learn.microsoft.com/legal/windows-sdk/license):

> * api-ms-\*.\* (used by .NET runtime before .NET 7.0)
> * ucrtbase.dll (used by .NET runtime before .NET 7.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* api-ms-\*.\* (used by .NET runtime,  .NET 6 and earlier)
* ucrtbase.dll (used by .NET runtime ,  .NET 6 and earlier)
```

I think that's a similar approach.
